[Music]
gary
can you take your shoes off if you're
going to stand on the sofa
someone get me that drawing then what oh
[Applause]
it's all right gary's found it
hello thanks ted she's just left work so
she should be here in about 20 minutes
[Music]
it's julia drake isn't it yes hello i'm
zoe pierce
we're going to be working together soon
i gather oh you're going to be the
director of that new series on the
paranormal aren't you that's right
look are you doing anything at the
moment no i'm just on my way home
would you like to go for a drink well
how about having a bite to eat somewhere
that would be great
it'll save cooking good i always like to
get to know the people i'm going to work
with
[Music]
she left work near two hours ago i hope
nothing's happened to her
my duck will be ruined if we don't eat
it soon i'm starving
she must have gone somewhere after work
that was a very nice meal
yeah i like this place i came here with
tim once
so you're looking forward to your new
job yeah it's gonna be great
well here's to you julia congratulations
thanks
can i check in here for amsterdam yes
sir can i set your ticket in passport
please
thank you did you pack the bag yourself
yes i did and does the bag contain any
electrical items
no it doesn't and has the bag been left
unattended at any time
no would you prefer a window or an aisle
seat mr barnes
window please
okay here's your boarding pass you're in
seat 15a
boarding is at 11 15 at gate have a nice
flight
thank you hi
simon are you going to the intel
conference too no
no i'm off to rome i'm covering the
elections there
it's lovely in italy at this time of
year see you
bye
[Music]
okay 20 seconds everyone
gary what oh sorry it's my new mobile
phone
the latest model you know put it away
five four three two
one q music
[Music]
[Applause]
it's six o'clock this is gary fenton
with the early evening news
the police are warning the public to be
on the lookout for a dangerous criminal
[Music]
hurry up julia gary will be here soon
and don't forget to close your window
you know what happened last time well i
didn't know it was going to rain
when does tim get back from his
conference on friday
what no when
okay see you later julia
gary's car's been stolen what this car's
been nicked
we'll have to try and get a taxi from
the end of the street okay
coming
[Music]
no no
no right bye
that was the police any news about your
car no
it's probably being used as a getaway
car at this very moment
and look what happened to the car in
that robbery yesterday has that guy been
caught yet
it's a bit scary thinking that there's a
criminal out there somewhere there's a
criminal out there in my car too
people like that should be locked up for
life relax
gary it will be found sooner or later
relax
you wouldn't say that if it was your car
why don't you come around to our place
after work for a meal
it'll take your mind off things thanks
but if i get my hands on the people
who've taken my car i'll
nobody messes with gary fenton and gets
away with it
[Music]
[Applause]
i'll get this no it's okay no no
i insist
could i have a receipt please
thank you
hello gary
what's the matter there's someone inside
the flat what
did you close your window
i told you you shouldn't leave it open
my car's been found and it hasn't been
damaged
[Music]
could you go in and find out me
were you ought to phone the police go on
gary
no way okay then this is my fault i'll
do it
give me the keys i wouldn't do that if i
were you
it could be the man the police are
looking for gary
all right
oh
nobody messes with gary fenton and gets
away with it
our hero
[Music]
[Applause]
have you had a good run yes thanks
you've been doing a lot of training
lately
yes i thought i'd enter the london
marathon wow
do you know where the pen for phone
messages is i've been using it to do the
crossword
sorry i know it shouldn't be moved from
the phone
leave those i'll see to them in a minute
and i haven't finished with those yet
it's sunday morning rebecca
relax okay
i'm going to have a shower
hello sean how are you
not too bad i suppose
jason and kylie what have they been
doing now
they've been talking on one of those
telephone chat lines
you know where you can talk to people
from all over the country
we got the phone bill yesterday i don't
know what we're going to do with those
kids
you could try strangling them i bet her
your sister phone just now she'd like
you to call her back cindy
she never phones me at work i wonder
what she wants
could you let me have a report sometime
on the amsterdam conference
tim and i particularly like to know
whether you made any useful contacts
there
sure no problem i'd like to know what
you're up to as well
i'm sure you would julia
it's very strange i've been living in
that flat for four years and she's only
ever visited me once before
do you know what she wants no why do
people have to be so mysterious
i don't know why they can't just say
what's on their mind don't you agree tim
uh yes yes definitely
you've been tidying this flap for the
last two hours
and it was tidy when you started and
that's the fourth time you've
straightened that pen
what is it with you and your family why
does everything have to be so perfect
ever since i can remember cindy's always
been better at everything
she got better grades at school she went
to university i went to the local
technical college
she's got a high-powered job in the city
i'm just a
secretary a personal assistant
but i don't see what that's got to do
with being tidy i've got to show that
i'm better at something
if i can't be as successful as her i can
be neater or more organized
or fitter is that why you want to do the
london marathon
just relax tim and i are going out so
i'll be out of your way soon
julia i don't know how to say this
but there's something i need to tell you
i suppose you're wondering why i wanted
to go to that conference
well
hey you'll never believe this julia but
i'm thinking of going to work in
australia
julia my love
julia i don't know whether you'll like
this but
of course she won't like it you nerd
it's no good i'll wait till i hear
whether i've definitely got the chop
hi rebecca is cindy still here
no she's gone you're right only
you haven't cleared the table i've had
such a strange evening
what happened you know cindy's always
been a high-powered businesswoman with a
flash car and loads of money and now
this mba as well
yeah well she's met this guy called
jimmy
actually they've been going out for
about two years she hasn't told mum and
dad because they wouldn't approve
how romantic and now she's given up her
job
what yes it seems she's been living a
lie
all her life she's done all the things
she's done
just to please mum and dad wow
but you haven't heard the best bit she
envies me
because i've always done what i wanted
and now she's decided to do what she
wants to do too
going to africa yes she and jimmy are
going to teach in a school for blind
children
well she won't make any money doing that
that's the whole point gary
so you've been competing with each other
all your lives for no reason
yes we couldn't tell each other how we
really felt
you were right the other day julia we
should all be more honest with each
other
[Music]
[Applause]
i thought you'd gone jogging i've given
that up
i never really enjoyed it no london
marathon then
no i thought i'd just read the paper and
maybe do the crossword
could you pass me that pen
thanks
[Music]
julia will you marry me i can't
i'm editing the news
tim time
good morning miss drake this is your
wake-up call it's five o'clock
thank you
[Music]
the amsterdam report thank you how was
isabelle
sorry stop playing games tim
i've been in this business far too long
for that
isabelle mendoza and i go way back she's
on the board of directors of kangaroo
tv and she was at the amsterdam
conference
okay i got a letter from kangaroo tv a
couple of days ago
offering me a job
telling julia isn't going to be easy
well delaying it won't make it any
easier i know
i've decided to tell her as soon as i
see her but she's been away for the past
few days
oh yes she's doing this series with zoe
pierce about
ghosts and ufos and things isn't she yes
but she's coming back tonight going off
to work in australia
is a big step to him so think about it
carefully
for your sake and julius
and cut thank you dr akroyd that was
great
okay thank you right that just about
wraps it up for this week we can pack up
now and head off
thanks ian thanks it's a weird story
wasn't it
it's very strange although i don't
believe in premonitions
no nor do i
julia will you marry me i can't
i'm editing the news
[Music]
do you still want me to drop you off at
home no you needn't bother
we finished a lot earlier than i
expected i'll call in at the office
there are a few things i want to sort
out for next week's shoot
you're really enjoying your new job
aren't you i love it
oh i've left my mobile upstairs
just a minute
hi sean's head cleo the lid
thank you
okay let's go
[Music]
tim what's this i hear about you going
to australia
how did you know about that gary told me
gary
oh no that means everyone the whole
place will know by now
it's a good job julia isn't there today
she is
she came in while you were getting your
mobile what
[Applause]
[Music]
you see julia no i haven't revised she
might be in the edit suite
[Applause]
i've been looking for you everywhere
you know don't you why didn't you tell
me
i didn't want to say anything until it
was definite
so what are you going to do i'm going to
tell them that i can only take the job
if my wife agrees
your wife yes julia will you marry me
[Music]
he did what tim asked me to marry him
congratulations
when's the big day
you didn't say yes then no i didn't i
told him not to be silly but he said he
was serious
what did you say i said that i would
have to think about it
and have you thought about it that is
i've thought about nothing else since
i would like to marry tim and i wouldn't
mind living in australia but well
i'm really enjoying my new job and it's
sort of like tim wants to go to
australia so my job isn't important
i just have to give it up to let him do
what he wants to do
you have to decide what you're going to
do soon though won't you
well luckily i'm going away tomorrow
night i won't be back for the next few
days
so i've got a bit of time to think about
[Music]
it
in the 1960s experts predicted that by
the beginning of the 21st century
work would be a thing of the past but
what effect is this having on our health
and with parents spending more time at
work what is it doing to family life
it's nearly midnight and i'm going to
ask some of the customers and workers
here
what they think
i don't know about other people working
long hours i've hardly been home in the
past week
you've got tomorrow off yeah but i'm not
looking forward to it
we're going to see a child psychologist
about jason and kylie
it's because of the incident with the
digger oh yes
you said that they'd backed it into the
news agent's window that was after
they'd driven it through someone's
garden
well on earth the workmen left the keys
in it i'll never know so where does the
child psychologist come into this
well the police said that jason and
kylie would be in serious trouble if we
didn't do something about them
hello tim burns hi tim it's me
hi are you all right it's two o'clock in
the morning
i couldn't sleep i didn't wake you up
did i
no we've been working late
i was going to wait till i got back but
well
i thought about you know getting married
yes and
hi tim have you spoken to julia lately
her mobile doesn't seem to be working
she phoned me from her hotel the other
night
she told me that she wanted to marry me
but she wasn't going to
she said that i'd only asked her to
marry me to get myself
out of a difficult situation she's very
upset about it all you know
well she told me that i was going to
have to choose
australia or her oh hi sean
didn't it go very well with the
psychologist
he told me that kylie and jason weren't
the problem
i was i said i didn't spend enough time
with them
but i said it was difficult with my job
you do work pretty unsocial hours
he asked me what i did so i told him did
you tell him that you enjoyed your job
too
yeah but he asked me which was more
important
my family or my job
he said i had to decide what my
priorities were
can i speak to julia drake please
checked out okay
thank you
hello tim simon i thought you were in
rome
i was but i had to come back early
martha wants to talk to me in person
and apparently frederick's going to be
there too our managing director is
actually here
must be something important
are you coming to the pub for lunch um
i'll see you there
i just want to send this email australia
mind your own business
[Music]
is martha free yet no she's still with
simon and frederick
they've been in there all afternoon
martha's free first thing tomorrow
morning
it's okay i'll wait
sean was here earlier he told me he'd
decided to ask for a transfer
to studio work what
he hates working indoors he said it was
because the hours were more regular
and if you were going to australia it
was an appropriate time for a change
he's here now actually
okay martha's just asked me to find you
she wants you to go in and join them
really
is this because of sean's family yes
he said he'd realized that the people he
loved were more important than his job
he said it was all a question of
priorities
[Music]
oh that was a bit of a marathon i didn't
see the ghost
i would have run a mile if it had
appeared i'm
exhausted perhaps you shouldn't have
tried to do it all in one day
maybe anyway i don't fancy driving back
tonight why don't we stay somewhere near
here and then we can go straight into
work tomorrow
okay i'll ring around some of the local
hotels
can i borrow your mobile mine's not
working yes of course
hi rebecca is julia back yet
and she hasn't called well when you
speak to her could you get her to call
me
i don't mind how late i'm going to be
working until at least half past three
in the morning
[Music]
cheers
i suppose this will be our last job
together yes
i hope the studio worked as well for you
so do i
and good luck with your new job too
thanks it'll be good to see some new
places
to the future
cheers
[Music]
[Applause]
well good morning zoe julia morning ted
morning although you've got a package
for you here
and you need a sign for it well i
wouldn't have believed it if i hadn't
heard it from martha
see you later zoe okay so he's
definitely going to australia yes
to kangaroo tv
julia
dude
uh
hello tim burns
what is she all right
the general yeah i'm on my way
julia if you're right what happened you
may well
ask tim barnes this is all your fault
if you hadn't decided to go off to
australia this wouldn't have happened
but you should have told me tim could
somebody please tell me what's going on
i was in reception and i heard abigail
saying that you were definitely going to
australia
she said that i was going to australia
well she didn't actually mention your
name
but i don't think it's very funny
if that driver hadn't stopped so quickly
julia would have been killed
she wasn't talking about me she was
talking about frederick
i'm not going to australia
let me get this straight frederick's
going to be managing director of
kangaroo tv
and martha's taking over then simon
fletcher is taking martha's place
and they've offered me simon's old job
as foreign reporter
so as soon as you're well again we can
get married but nothing's really
changed has it tim what do you mean
you wouldn't have asked me to marry you
if you hadn't been offered the job in
australia
and you would have gone if simon's job
hadn't come up
no i'd already turned the australian job
down i don't believe you
how's the patient look
i'll show you oh no i put it under your
door
is this what you want
you really turned it down i emailed that
yesterday before i knew anything about
the job at apex
it's true julia i saw him typing it
[Music]
[Applause]
so
must be nice being a foreign reporter
going to all those different places
it is i'm off to barbados today oh
really
so am i i'm staying at the honeymoon
hotel
perhaps i'll see you there mr barnes
perhaps you will
mrs barnes
[Music]
number one this is
not program of program
okay that is pro
gram program two consonant
clusters here so we have pro
gram program we have
computer programs we have tv
programs right for number two
uh now tiffy code
don't say difficult okay not difficult
that is d fee code
difficult difficult that means
not easy difficult
number three don't say different or
different
okay different for
okay friend different
different that means not the same
different number four
we have the song pretty boy
we have the film pretty woman pretty can
be
beautiful can mean beautiful or pretty
if that is an adverb
it can mean like fairly
quiet pretty but don't say
pretty okay a lot of my students say
pretty no that is pretty
pretty number 5 12
this is a number you know 9 10
11 12 but a lot of people say
12 12 okay trial things like that
that is 12 and
12 12 12
okay 11 12.
number six um
i know this is show fashion show
show off but this is shower
not shower shower
shower that means you watch yourself
under the shower you know to clean your
body
shower number seven
math a lot of people say math
math or mass no th
math remember th put your tongue between
your teeth
so math math
number eight
join okay joy don't say yay
or zoy
i don't remember out wow some my
students say john
no it's not john okay
join join join that means
to take part in or to participate in
a party or maybe an event
so we have joy oin
join number number nine
that is this one seems very easy
but a lot of people as i remember they
say fee
oh free is fee no fee
is the tuition fee the money the amount
of money that you have to
pay for something but that is this is
free not free okay
for free free
now number 10 um
remember that is great don't say red
not not great or not
um as i remember you say red but
remember this is
guru i great
great great that means very good
okay great